This folder is about some programs of our work. Our program is developed based on labview2018. It is necessary to install some driver packages to meet the functions of some modules, mainly including NI Virtual Instrument Software Architecture (VISA), NI Device Data Acquisition (DAQ) ), NI Vision Development Module (VDM), NI Vision Acquisition Software (VAS) and other driver packages. The above driver packages are all installed versions of 2018 in order to be compatible with the LabView software platform. Among them, the VISA driver package is to ensure the serial communication function in the software, so as to control the movement of the micro-manipulation arm, the microscope XY mobile platform and the microscope Z axis; the DAQ driver package is to input or output the corresponding channels of the above two data acquisition cards through LabView , So as to collect the needle tip current signal and the given microelectrode stimulation signal; while the VDM and VAS driver package are related to vision development. VAS is the vision acquisition driver package. In order to collect the microscopic image of the camera CCD, VDM is the vision Development module, in order to ensure the follow-up image processing and other functions. The mp285 folder is about mp285 related programs, the autopatch folder is about experimental automation programs, the USB-4000 folder is about Smacq driver installation and subvi, 1500_DAQ.vi is about 700B amplifier micro-current signal acquisition program, Pneumatic box control.vi is an independent control program for the pneumatic control box. For the part model and construction of the pneumatic control box, please refer to the supplementary file S5 of the article "Assembly and operation of the autopatcher for automated intracellular neural recording in vivo" by Kodandaramaiah et al. in 2016. PRIOR_v.10.vi is the control program for ES10ZE automatic focusing and transposition, Tip template creation and matching.vi is the needle template acquisition program needed in the experiment.